Yes. After looking more closely at the current repo, I’d build a “send-to-screen” product layer on top of CrossDrop rather than adding more remote-control features. CrossDrop already has a surprisingly complete control plane: a frozen HTTP API, Python client/CLI, Windows tray, web UI, multi-screen targeting, screenshots, browser input, media control, and kiosk management.

My top recommendation: CrossDrop Share

Think AirDrop for browser tabs + physical screens.

The user experience should be:

    Install a small CrossDrop agent on the receiving computer.
    Install a Chrome/Edge extension on the sender.
    The extension discovers available CrossDrop displays.
    Right-click a page → Send to → Living Room TV.
    The remote computer immediately opens the page.
    Optionally, the sender gets a tiny preview/status:
        🟢 displayed
        🔴 offline
        🔄 loading
    The sender can optionally take control after sending.

That takes CrossDrop's existing navigate API and turns it into an extremely simple consumer workflow. The existing Windows tray already has a primitive version of this—copy a link/file, invoke the tray, and put it on the wall—but the browser-extension experience would remove almost all friction.

The killer feature I'd add

“Send and follow.”

Instead of merely sending:

    Send this tab → TV

you could have:

    Mirror this tab → TV

Now when the user navigates somewhere else, the remote display follows.

For example:

Laptop
  Chrome tab
      │
      │ WebSocket/WebRTC
      ▼
CrossDrop
      │
      ▼
TV / Pi
  Chromium kiosk

And then:

    Navigate locally → remote follows.
    Scroll locally → remote follows.
    Play video locally → remote plays it.
    Stop following → remote becomes independent.

This turns CrossDrop from remote display control into a lightweight second-screen system.
Second product: “Rooms”

I think this could be even more compelling commercially.

Instead of exposing machines as technical targets like:

100.x.x.x

give them human names:

    Living Room
    Kitchen
    Office
    Conference Room
    Reception
    TV
    Projector

Then your browser extension has:

    Send to…

        Living Room
        Office
        Kitchen
        All Screens

CrossDrop already has the underlying concept of targets and multiple screens.

You'd essentially build a presentation/display network on top of it.
Third: “Share a session”

This is where I think CrossDrop's existing capabilities become much more interesting.

Imagine you're working on your laptop and send a webpage to the TV.

Then you see:

    Take control

Click it, and you get:

    screenshot
    click
    scroll
    keyboard
    form input
    media controls

CrossDrop already implements these primitives through its browser automation layer.

That gives you a really nice progression:

Send → View → Control

rather than immediately presenting the user with a complicated remote-control interface.
Fourth: make it work without Tailscale

This is probably the biggest architectural opportunity.

The current project is explicitly built around a tailnet, with the controller communicating with the agent over authenticated HTTP.

For a developer/home-lab product that's great.

For:

    “I just installed this on two computers; why can't they see each other?”

it's a barrier.

I'd add a discovery/pairing layer:

                 Internet
                    │
              optional relay
                    │
        ┌───────────┴───────────┐
        │                       │
     Laptop                  Display
     Browser                 CrossDrop
        │                       │
        └─────── LAN ───────────┘

Use mDNS/Bonjour on the LAN for discovery and a short pairing code/QR code for authorization.

Then keep the existing CrossDrop API underneath.

That is important: I wouldn't replace its architecture. I'd put a friendlier discovery/authentication layer in front of it.
Fifth: make the browser extension genuinely excellent

This would probably be my first thing to build.

Chrome/Edge extension:
Toolbar

[ CrossDrop ▾ ]

Click:

Send this tab to

🟢 Living Room
🟢 Office
⚫ Kitchen

────────────────

📺 Mirror this tab
📸 Send screenshot
🔗 Send link
📄 Send PDF

Right-click menu

CrossDrop
  → Send page to
      → Living Room
      → Office
  → Send link to
  → Mirror tab

Keyboard shortcut

Something like:

Ctrl + Shift + D

→ immediately sends the current tab to your default display.

That would make it dramatically more useful than CrossDrop's current CLI/tray-oriented interface.
And then I'd add “casting intelligence”

This is where you could differentiate from generic casting protocols.

When you send:

YouTube

don't merely send the URL.

Tell CrossDrop:

    Open this video and start playing.

For:

PDF

→ open it in a full-screen PDF viewer.

For:

image

→ image viewer.

For:

Google Slides

→ presentation mode.

For:

Spotify

→ appropriate playback page.

CrossDrop already understands browser media elements and has play/pause/seek/volume controls.

So you can make the destination behave like a smart display, rather than merely another browser.
What I would not build first

I wouldn't spend the first version adding:

    more browser automation commands
    more screenshot functionality
    a sophisticated remote desktop
    another file-transfer protocol
    an elaborate dashboard
    AI control
    mobile apps

Those are tempting because CrossDrop already exposes the underlying primitives.

But they're not the missing product.
The missing product is the UX.

CrossDrop currently feels like:

    powerful infrastructure that happens to have a UI.

I'd turn it into:

    “Send anything on your screen to any screen you own.”

That's a much clearer product.
My proposed roadmap
V0 — 1–2 weeks

Build a Chrome/Edge extension:

    discover configured CrossDrop targets
    current-tab URL
    right-click "Send to..."
    one-click send
    target naming
    default target
    success/failure notification

This can call the existing API almost directly. CrossDrop already has POST /v1/navigate and a client library.

V1

Add:

    LAN discovery
    pairing
    no manual IP/token configuration
    QR-code pairing
    online/offline status
    target groups
    multiple displays

V2

Add:

    Mirror tab
    follow navigation
    follow scroll
    media synchronization
    sender preview
    remote control

V3

Turn it into a platform:

CrossDrop
│
├── Browser extension
├── Windows/macOS/Linux sender
├── Pi/Debian receiver
├── Android receiver
├── TV receiver
└── API / SDK

At that point, CrossDrop isn't just a Pi project anymore. It becomes a local-first second-screen protocol.

And that is where I think the interesting opportunity is.

The existing architecture actually lends itself well to this because the repository deliberately keeps the /v1 API frozen and makes the tray, web UI, CLI, and other clients consume that same API.

If I were building this, my first commit would be the browser extension—not a modification to the CrossDrop agent. That lets you validate the core proposition very cheaply: “Can I right-click any webpage and have it appear on my other screen in under two seconds?” If that feels magical, then build discovery/pairing around it.


You're right to challenge that. I was too confident in my previous answer. There are quite a few adjacent deployments, and once I broaden the search beyond “send a URL,” CrossDrop is clearly part of a larger family.

The important distinction is that very few appear to combine CrossDrop's particular combination of “remote browser as a controllable display endpoint” + LAN/private deployment + programmatic control. But there are definitely other systems attacking parts of the same problem.
The closest things I found
1. Deskreen — much bigger deployment

is probably the most important project I missed.

It has 21k+ GitHub stars, ~1.2k forks, and over 2 million downloads, and its current Community Edition was released in May 2026. It turns a Mac/Windows/Linux machine into a source and lets another device use a browser as the display, using WebRTC.

But its model is:

computer screen → browser display

rather than:

webpage/URL → remote browser → controllable webpage

That's an important distinction.
2. Universal Screen Extender / UNI·SIM

This one is very close conceptually.

It supports:

    Windows/Mac host
    phone/tablet/browser as receiver
    local-network operation
    QR/PIN pairing
    Extend
    Mirror
    View
    remote Control
    presentation Clicker
    browser-only receiver
    and, importantly, a browser receiver can become a screen you drive remotely. 

It even has a “Cast to a browser screen” mode.

So if your proposed product is:

    “Send/control a webpage on another browser-based screen”

UNI·SIM is absolutely something you need to study.
3. Spreen

Spreen is another open-source LAN system that turns a browser-capable device into a second screen. It specifically advertises no Internet, no cables, same-LAN operation, and can share an entire screen or individual window.

Again, though, it's primarily screen streaming, not remote webpage orchestration.
4. Xenon

is newer and interesting.

It turns another screen, tablet, or phone into a local PC control center. Its current implementation can expose the dashboard to a phone browser over the same Wi-Fi, with QR pairing and no cloud/account.

This is closer to the “second screen becomes a programmable remote endpoint” idea, although its target is PC control/dashboarding rather than arbitrary webpage deployment.
5. Chrome's Presentation API direction

There's also a standards-level approach that's easy to overlook.

The W3C Second Screen work defines APIs intended for a web page to present content on another screen. The old Chromium demo literally demonstrated a video being moved to a secondary screen while continuing playback.

That's not a ready-to-use CrossDrop competitor, but it demonstrates that “webpage controls another browser/display” is an established architectural concept, rather than something CrossDrop uniquely invented.
But here's the interesting part

After looking at these, I actually think CrossDrop's niche is more interesting than I suggested—but narrower.

There are roughly four categories:
System	Source	Destination	What moves?	Remote control
PairDrop	Browser	Browser	Files/URLs/text	❌
Deskreen	PC	Browser	Screen pixels	Limited
Spreen	PC	Browser	Screen/window	Limited
UNI·SIM	PC	Browser/device	Screen/control	Yes
Xenon	PC	Browser/device	Dashboard/control	Yes
CrossDrop	Controller/API	Kiosk browser	Web content	Yes

That last distinction is important.

CrossDrop isn't fundamentally doing:

    “Here are the pixels from my computer.”

It's doing:

    “Go to this URL, render it in your browser, and let me manipulate that browser.”

That is a much more interesting primitive for certain deployments.
And there are commercial systems too

If we broaden the definition further, there are obviously established technologies around:

    Google Cast
    AirPlay
    Miracast
    Chromecast
    digital signage platforms
    kiosk management platforms
    remote-browser platforms
    presentation systems
    VNC/RDP
    browser-based digital signage

So I definitely wouldn't claim CrossDrop is the leader in the general technology.

The better claim would be:

    CrossDrop is an unusually capable open-source implementation of a remote, programmable kiosk-browser endpoint.

That's much more defensible.
More importantly: I would change my product recommendation

After seeing these alternatives, I would not build merely “CrossDrop + Chrome extension.”

That's too easy for adjacent products to subsume.

I'd investigate a more specific product:
“Web-native digital signage / second-screen orchestration”

Imagine you have:

                 ┌── TV
                 ├── Lobby display
Browser/API ─────┼── Conference projector
                 ├── Kitchen tablet
                 └── Wall display

And the API says:

display.open("living-room", "https://...")
display.open("lobby", "https://...")
display.screenshot("lobby")
display.click("lobby", selector)
display.scroll("lobby", 500)
display.play("living-room")

Now you're not competing with PairDrop.

You're not really competing with Deskreen.

You're not even primarily competing with screen-sharing software.

You're building a programmable network of browser-based displays.

And that is where CrossDrop's architecture starts looking genuinely differentiated.
The thing I'd research next

Before writing any code, I'd do a much deeper competitive analysis specifically around:

“LAN/browser-based digital signage + remote browser control + URL deployment + kiosk mode + multi-display.”

That's the comparison that will tell us whether CrossDrop is genuinely differentiated—or whether there is already a mature product doing almost exactly this.

If you're considering actually building something on CrossDrop, that's the research I'd do next rather than another generic “send webpage” comparison.
